---
layout: post
title:  "I Wish It Was Better"
subtitle:  "5 (by Willow)"
---
<!--more-->
My Perfect Sequoia,

I missed you greatly, and with each passing day, it becomes more difficult to bear the distance between us. I am so sorry for the hardships you had to endure; you deserve nothing but the most peaceful and joyous moments. Your words bring me much comfort, and every time I read your posts, my heart flutters with excitement, a feeling I hope will never diminish. I was elated to see the new features you incorporated into the blog. You remembered my concerns and found a solution to alleviate my, albeit unfounded, anxieties about the webpage. Thank you so much for thinking of me.

I am deeply sorry that you had a rough day and weren’t able to rest well, I wish it could have been better. However, I am immensely proud of you for embracing the positive aspects of the day, I do not think I would have been able to. I hope you have been taking care of yourself by staying hydrated and taking your vitamins. The cold weather in your area is unforgiving, and I really do not want you to get sick. The weather here has been pleasant, with a cool breeze in the morning and a warm afternoon, a typical day.

I woke up a bit nervous, as today was a big day for me and my flowers! I had to facilitate an activity and teach them about all the beauties of spring. We talked about the blossoming of nature, the misty rain, and baby chicks! The morning of my day hadn’t been going too well, but the second I walked in, one of the littles shouted, “Miss Willow looks so pretty today!” and that's when I knew it was going to be alright. I know that sounds silly, but I was wearing a red ribbon in my hair and *all* little flowers love hair bows. My activity was a huge success! Everyone had fun and I got a beautifully written review from the gardener about it. I definitely got an A+ on the assignment :) 

I must share with you that my school had a pep rally today! The boys dressed up as cheerleaders and performed a hilariously dreadful routine that had everyone in tears. Later in the day, the girls took over and played football, and the juniors competed against the seniors. I went with Cherry Blossom, and we had so much fun. The boys cheered some more, and the senior girls won the game. We spent some time with our friends, munching on popcorn, funnel cakes, and other unhealthy snacks. If only you were here, I am sure you would have died from all the sugar.

Once I got home, which was rather late, I showered and proceeded to call Cherry Blossom to help her with some of her foreign studies. We chatted about all sorts of things, but mainly just homework. These days, I have been immersing myself in books more and more since I cannot talk to you. In this time, I have completed one book and I am halfway through another. In each book, song, or show I encounter, I see a fragment of you in all the characters. In the first book I read, there was a sweet, loving boy who shared your initials. In the show I watched, there was a man who spoke with such intellect that I could see glimpses of your brilliant mind in him. In every melody that speaks of love, comfort, and happiness, I find a fragment of our story intertwined within them. I love you forever and I miss you always. I hope times get better for you, my sequoia. 

All my heart,

Willow <3
