---
layout: post
title:  "Fun Days Ahead"
subtitle:  "9 (by Willow)"
---
<!--more-->
My Handsome Sequoia,

Yay! You know how much I absolutely love bed days! It makes me so happy that you got your much deserved rest. Monday will work great for a call, it's even sooner than Thursday!!!! I am seeing Daisy and the her little petal tomorrow, on Sunday, so it should work out to call. Right now Cherry Blossom is laying beside me in bed, we have been having such a good day.

The drive here was only supposed to take two hours but it took eight hours. The traffic was terrible in the big city we had to pass through. The ride was lots of fun with all our road trip games, snacks, and naps. Once we got here, we checked into our villa! It's so close to the beach, we even have a view from the balcony. We settled in and carried the bags up so so many stairs. Afterwards, Cherry Blossom and I fell asleep for a nap. Then we went out to dinner, came back, and played lots of card games together. All around it's been a really calming day and I have had so much fun with her here. I'm really grateful she could come.

Tomorrow the plan is to get up around 9 and go to a mission, one of those churches that were built when the Americans first came and were missionaries. My sister and her husband have really been wanting to visit the one down here. Then us girls are going to go downtown to look at all the different murals and artwork. I am going to try to take so many pictures to show to you! I wish you could be here to see them with us. For dinner, the whole family is going to go get German food at this restaurant. I am excited because last time we went it was really yummy. When you come visit me I will take you there. Cherry blossom and I will likely go down to the pool or hot tub to finish off the night tomorrow before heading to sleep. Today was a good day and I'm sure tomorrow will be too.

I miss you so so so much and I hope you are doing well. I'm sorry for the shorter letter tonight (and it's not very fancy), I'm feeling really sleepy. I love you more than anything in the world. Iwtey and become one blob forever and ever and ever.

Currently melting,

Willow<3
