---
layout: post
title:  "My little boyfriend"
subtitle:  "7 (by Willow)"
---
<!--more-->
My Sequoia (mine mine mine),

It brings me great joy to learn that you have had a wonderful day. I hope all your future days are just as amazing. I understand all too well the feeling of losing one’s sanity without the presence of their loved one. Every moment spent apart from you feels like a piece of me is missing. You are my better half, and life without you simply cannot compare.

I am glad to hear that the Wicked Oak did not pose much of a problem for you today and that you were able to have a more relaxed day- less strenuous than yesterday. However, I must confess that given my aversion to melons, perhaps I should to refrain from writing any further letters to you. It is vile how much you like cantaloupe. 

I have never heard of the wonders of Roman concrete before, but I am fascinated by your enthusiasm for it. I cannot wait for you to tell me more about it on the phone. I miss the sound of your voice and am counting down the days until Thursday when we can talk again. Even though I will be soaking up the sun’s rays at the beach, you can be sure that I will make time to chat with you. I am confident that Cherry Blossom will find a way to keep Honey and Bee occupied while we catch up.

Today was a minimum day at school, which meant I had to do hardly any real work. I spent my day chatting with friends, completing extra credit classwork, and feeling irrationally upset with Mr. Meadow for wearing sandals and exposing his toes in class - it was quite unpleasant! After school, I spent some time packing for our beach trip and tidying up the house. Later in the day, I attended a family gathering where Honey brought up the fact that I am quite smitten with you.  Everyone kept commenting about how hard I was blushing and how I turned into the shade of a strawberry. Even the other day when Honey was talking to Bee, she called you my “little boyfriend.”

Cherry Blossom and I called again tonight, it seems like we have been calling more often lately. I helped her with her work while I created a spring break playlist and finished packing up my bag. Our plan for the morning is to pick her up and head out to the beach. The next day we will meet up with Daisy and her husband. I am excited to get an update on how her little petal is doing, because the last we heard she was about the size of a bunch of bananas! 12 more weeks until Little Petal is here. I think Auntie Willow will suit me well <3

As for school, I only have 40 more days left until graduation. It's a bittersweet moment, as I reflect on the ups and downs of these past few years. Despite the challenges, there has always been a silver lining. In the next few weeks, we have many exciting activities to attend, including prom and senior night. I am not sure what color my dress should be. Do you have any suggestions? I wish you could be my date.

My love for you continues to grow with each passing day. I miss you dearly and cannot wait for our call on Thursday. Even though we are physically apart, my heart and soul are with you always. I cannot express enough how much I miss you and how much you mean to me. You have the most special place in my heart, it has your name written on it. I love you.

Thinking of you always,

Willow <3
