---
layout: post
title:  "Eventful Day! Ily"
subtitle:  "11 (by Willow)"
---
<!--more-->
My Talented Sequoia,

I am so proud of you! Today I was already bragging to my family about your ice skating skills, and then to be complimented by a little kid! Those are the most genuine and heartfelt ones too because kids have no filter. That couple sounds so adorable and I wish that one day we can skate together.

You were on my mind all day! I spent so much of my day thinking of you.. I might have gotten a little carried away. I bought you a few things that I hope you will like! I won't tell you about them until you receive them, however I will let you know about one in advance. As you know, I am at the beach and I've been thinking.. if you come here one day you gotta fit in! So, I got you one of those surfer boy shark tooth necklaces! The fossil is 60 million years old!!! Whaaaat that's crazy! Anyway, I was thinking that maybe I could wear it around for the week, take some pictures in it, maybe with it next to my locket, before I send it to you. Just so that you know I kept it on my body for a few days! It will be as if we are with each other. Let me know how you feel about that idea. I also sent you an email, so make sure you check it out. 

Today was even better than yesterday. I woke up in the morning and had a bagel (helloooo?!?! You bought them from the store. Btw, I read Cherry Blossom a little part of your letter and she wants you to know that blueberry bagels are her favorite) and showered before meeting up with Daisy and Birch at the mission. Honey, Birch, Daisy, Cherry Blossom, and I went in the church and I prayed about you. It's really surreal to be in a building that is so many centuries old and imagine all of the people who had been there for their various reasons. Afterwards, the group, went inside and toured all of the rooms filled to the brim with historic artifacts. Cherry Blossom and I found a fountain in the courtyard and made a quarter wish. I can't tell you what I wished for, but I really hope it comes true. We spent a lot of time looking around and even found a panting of a woman who shared my name, so we obviously took many pictures in front of it. Then we went to the gift shop and I got you a little something. I spent way too long in there so C.B. and I had to meet up with the family later and give them a haul. That's when Honey and Birch were told allllllll about you, as we walked around the gardens. I definitely bragged about all your great qualities and gushed over every little part of you. 

Daisy was really craving strawberries, so we wanted to try this new all strawberry restaurant that was in the area but sadly there was a huge triathlon that was blocking the streets. That didn't matter much, though, because Honey drove us a half hour to the wrong one anyways. We decided to just meet Birch and Daisy downtown where we got some ice cream and shopped. We went into this huge gift shop and I picked out your necklace there. C.B. and I spend 30 mins trying to make sure we got the perfect fossilized shark tooth and I think our efforts paid off. 

For dinner, Bee finally joined us at the German restaurant. It was an interesting experience to say the least! I got a schnitzel that was yummy but walking around the market there just made me realize how many food items I would never ever eat. They had a whole section dedicated to femur bones. We ended up purchasing some of this dark chocolate marzipan German candy that we had gotten before. It is so delicious!

Daisy wanted to go shopping, so we went to the mall together and looked in many stores. C.B. and I spent most of our time looking at baby clothes, that was until C.B. (she probably wouldn't appreciate me saying this.. but..) almost peed her pants. We had to run to the bathroom and I mean RUN. It was crazy. We found this cart that was in the shape of a little car for children and I pushed her in it all around the mall when we were looking to meet back up with the group. It was so much fun even though everyone was staring at us. I'm thankful it was an outdoor mall, so we were able to be silly.

This is where things get a little dodgy... We drove back to our hotel and the keys didn't work to the doors. We spent an hour outside with our groceries (oh yes, we also went to Walmart! I wanted to use the bathroom there and when I went in I realized that the stall did not have a door and this old lady just went and pulled her pants down straight in front of me) and my parents freaked out on the phone with management. Basically, the office closed at 8pm and at this time it was 8:30pm. They said that they would not come to help us, so we would have to stay outside until the morning. Luckily after some very troubling talk, they figured out a way in, but it did result in a broken lockbox. 

For the last few hours Cherry Blossom has been teaching me card games. We really wanted to go swimming but by the time we got in, the pool was closed. Now we are going to head to bed, but tomorrow we plan to head down to the beach so I can call you. It was a really eventful day! I love you and I can't wait to hear your voice. I hope you are sleeping well!

Talk to you soon!

Xoxoxo,

Willow <3
